refactor(test): better infra for formatting (#2189)
biomejs/biome: crates/biome_formatter/CONTRIBUTING.md

just gen-formatter
```

The initial implementation for the formatting will use the `format_verbatim_node` formatting, which means that the code will be formatted **as is**. From here, you'll have to remove `format_verbatim_node` and use the `biome_formatter` utilities to generate the correct IR.

## Testing

### Plumbing

Inside the `biome_html_formatter` crate, create a folder called `tests`. Inside this folder you have to have a `specs` folder and two files called `spec_test.rs` and `spec_tests.rs` (the names aren't very important though). Create a `language.rs` file too.

Updated the `Cargo.toml` file to import some testing utility:

```toml
[dev-dependencies]
biome_formatter_test = { path = "../biome_formatter_test" }
biome_html_factory     = { path = "../biome_html_parser" }
biome_html_parser      = { path = "../biome_html_parser" }
biome_parser         = { path = "../biome_parser" }
biome_service        = { path = "../biome_service" }
countme              = { workspace = true, features = ["enable"] }
iai                  = "0.1.1"
quickcheck           = { workspace = true }
quickcheck_macros    = { workspace = true }
tests_macros         = { path = "../tests_macros" }
```

> Update the `spect_tests.rs` file look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `spec_tests.rs` file to look like this:
```
